welcome to my unboxing of the logitech
t6 50 wireless rechargeable touchpad in
space so what's going to happen to the
box as we remove it from the touchpad
itself is it's just going to fall away
and get pulled down by the Earth's
gravitational field so you'll never see
it again
which means we better carefully go
through everything it says on the box
before that happens
click wherever your fingers rest on the
touch surface yep that's what a touchpad
does glide through Windows 8 with a wide
range of gestures 13 gestures including
vertical and horizontal slow scrolling
click Windows 8 Start screen with three
fingers up windows 8 edge gesture so you
can pull in from the edges and you can
pinch to zoom in and out it has a large
glass touch service which delivers
premium smoothness and precision
I do like glass touch pads actually I
encountered one not that long ago on a I
believe it was an HP EliteBook feels so
much better than a plastic touch pad
surface just because of the the
smoothness of the sliding is much like
much like a smart phone except touch
phone touch pads because we don't have
to have a display behind them often have
a textured surface to them so it's even
better than sort of scrolling and
gesturing on a touch oh right right
right sorry yeah went away it felt don't
worry about it ok so the first thing we
find inside the box is the touch pad
itself that is a big old touch pad it's
about the size of a CD slim jewel case
actually very very cool so let's hold on
see what else we have inside here we're
going to find apparently according to
this picture
one of logitech's unifying receivers
there it is as well as an extension cord
for that piece so this guy right here
can connect up to 6 Logitech devices
which just is one little dongle so you
could have a logitech wireless keyboard
wireless mouse wireless touchpad
Wireless you know augmented reality
goggles I don't think they have that yet
but who knows maybe it's coming there's
your set-up guide which is probably
about as simple as plug the thing into
the thing and then don't worry about the
other thing this is a charging cable so
that's where our rather wireless
wireless a 2 wireless mini Beano on USB
a 2 USB micro-b so there you get a
little micro connector oh yeah
jokes not old yet right
and the touchpad itself it has quite a
solid feel to it you can see here it's
wrapped in plastic it has little
instructions built into it Logitech
doesn't trust you to read that
QuickStart guide they include the
instructions right here just in case and
they were right to do that they also
recommend right there download the
latest drivers off the website I
actually did not see a driver disk
although it probably doesn't even really
need drivers because it probably just
works anyway because if you're using it
with Windows 8 all these gestures are
natively supported so the surface like I
said before made of glass not as
textured as I had actually expected
there's only a slight ever-so-slight
actually I'd say it's pretty much smooth
it's not quite as smooth as something
like a smartphone but it's pretty much a
smooth window the back here has the
micro USB charging port here's your
power on and off switch here is a blank
thing and here is another more different
lengthing you can see there's a slight
angle to it so you're not it's not going
to be quite flat on the table it'll be
tilted up just a little bit there's an
activity LED here that popped up there
for a second but then apparently went
away so we're going to see if we can get
that - there we go
so that's the I guess that's a power
indicator so we've turned it on now and
other than that there's not much to say
so let's hook this bad boy up
so slicks Windows 8 notebook now has a
unifying reciever and he's in the
bathroom right now so we we got the
touchpad installed and hold on let me to
see if this is important it's the crazy
Russian apparently so let's just find
out what he wants hey Russian what no no
it's okay
I'm filming I gotta go okay bye okay
don't worry about it
okay so check this out check this out so
we're going to troll slick because now
that this is installed I think you won't
probably won't even notice this when it
comes back we can swipe in and get the
charms menu we can go 3 up 4 star we can
zoom whoops there we go pinch to zoom we
can scroll back and forth just two
fingers like that so there's lots of
cool gestures that we can do you can
also just use it as a trackpad and oh
he's coming back so hold on I'm just
going to stand right here got my lapel
mic on so you guys multa you won't hear
what I'm saying but I'm just looking
casual over here so for that transmen
you come from
oh there's another one
just there to start menu well I'm just
should have started out more suddenly
he's just maybe smells a little bit it's
been give a little bit of mouse pointer
drift doo-doo-doo so thank you for
checking out this unboxing and overview
on - tech tips of the T 650 from
Logitech it's given another start menu
there you go let's do like some zooming
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips
for more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos start menu charms mitten
so I can't see what he's doing
but I'm sure it's awesome
oh he pulled it out